README.rst, before:

******
urwidx
******
**Extended widgets and a wxPython-esque interface to urwid.**

For demonstrations, see *ux/\*test.py*.

Support and Documentation
=========================

Nothing major yet. This is totally alpha software, so use at your own risk.

Documentation is patchy, but will be provided in docstrings and likely
prettified HTML at some point in the future.

General information
===================

urwidx is designed to be supplementary to urwid. It contains a variety of
"extended" widgets, as well as a wxPython-esque interface. The extended widgets
can be used either with the extended interface, or simply plugged into an
existing urwid application as-is.

Installation and usage
======================

Run::

    python setup.py install

You can then access urwidx through the Python interpreter::

    import ux

Currently, there is no usage information. Please see the *ux/\*test.py* series
of files for demonstrations of usage.

License
=======

Where relevant, urwidx is licensed under the terms of the following MIT license:

Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan McManus

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update documentation to reference pip installation.

README.rst, after:

******
urwidx
******
**Extended widgets and a wxPython-esque interface to urwid.**

For demonstrations, see *ux/\*test.py*.

Support and Documentation
=========================

Nothing major yet. This is totally alpha software, so use at your own risk.

Documentation is patchy, but will be provided in docstrings and likely
prettified HTML at some point in the future.

General information
===================

urwidx is designed to be supplementary to urwid. It contains a variety of
"extended" widgets, as well as a wxPython-esque interface. The extended widgets
can be used either with the extended interface, or simply plugged into an
existing urwid application as-is.

Installation and usage
======================

From source
-----------

Run::

    git clone git://github.com/jmcb/urwidx
    cd urwidx
    $ python setup.py install

Using pip
---------

If you have *pip* installed, you can combine the above steps into the following::

    $ pip install git+git://github.com/jmcb/urwidx


Regardless of installation choice, you can access urwidx through the Python
interpreter::

    import ux

Currently, there is no usage information. Please see the *ux/\*test.py* series
of files for demonstrations of usage.

License
=======

Where relevant, urwidx is licensed under the terms of the following MIT license:

Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan McManus

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
